c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Data.dll.config
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Data.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\obj\Debug\Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\obj\Debug\Data.Migrations.emna.resources
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\obj\Debug\Data.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\obj\Debug\Data.dll
c:\Users\nagua\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\Data\obj\Debug\Data.pdb
